hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film
called guns 2 perfect answers be ready
for some spoilers ahead
previously on guns kato and kay are
killed when they're hit by a train in
the subway station
instead of going to heaven they were
teleported into a room where a black
sphere named guns commands them to fight
against alien invaders
and receives points for their kills
during the final battle
kato and kashimoto are both killed by
the thousand armed buddha
leaving kay determined to revive his
friends by earning enough points
he now resides with his girlfriend tay
and they take care of kato's brother
until the main character eventually
revives him fulfilling
his promise on the other side a woman
named erica receives a small black
sphere resembling guns
and proceeds to give her missions
targeting living humans
she tracks down her target a woman named
mako
and proceeds to kill her by pushing her
into the train
the woman gets chosen by guns and
revives in the same room as k
who now takes on the role of leader and
teaches all the new players how to
survive their missions
a group of aliens in black suits have
also tracked down the whereabouts of
erico
and they plan to kill her and steal her
black sphere
after killing her second target who was
also revived in k's team as one of the
alien hunters
erica receives her final mission
targeting the main character's
girlfriend
not knowing about the incoming dangers
kaye plans to take his girlfriend to the
carnival
which causes her to be filled with
excitement as this will be their first
official date when kay goes home he sees
the supposedly dead kato standing in his
front doors
which leaves him shocked and speechless
kay wants to know how his friend is
still alive
but kato doesn't answer with an
expressionless tone
he wants to know if k has seen a small
black sphere
and states that he will stop guns no
matter what k
rushes to the gun's room and tries to
get some answers to what happened to his
friend
but only sees that kato is still present
in the guns database
meaning that he was not revived to
finish her final mission
erica tracks down tay in the subway
station but at the same time
the aliens in black suits have also
followed her to the same location
kaye's team also receives a mission from
guns where their next target is the
alien in the black suit
they are teleported to the subway
station but to their surprise
it's filled with civilians which never
happened before
the aliens are now on the train as well
and their leader senses the presence of
the alien hunters
ordering them to attack the aliens
arrive quickly to k's team
and begins shooting at everyone on site
killing many humans in the process
kate tells their team to not shoot as to
avoid harming the civilians
they proceed to attack the aliens with
swords but the enemy can also conjure
swords from their hands
and gives the team a real difficult time
in a fight
after some battle the new members of the
team realizes that they have muscle
memories to this type of fight
speculating that they must have done
this before mako begins to remember that
she used to fight alongside with the new
members previously
and this increases their battle power
allowing them to take the upper hand
the alien boss finds erico and begins
shooting at everyone on the train
trying to kill her kaye is thrown off
the train during a fight but sees that
his girlfriend is in the crowd where the
alien boss is massacring everyone
this prompts him to use all his powers
and jump back into the speeding train
in order to protect tay from being
killed he quickly fires at the alien
boss blowing his arm off
but their species are capable of
extremely fast regeneration
as he regains his arm very quickly k
tells his girlfriend to leave this
compartment in order to protect her from
the danger
while he charges at the alien and begins
fighting furiously
he has a hard time killing his opponent
as the alien is very powerful
and seems to be able to regenerate
indefinitely as their swords clash again
and again they cut off the train by
accident as the two stands on the
opposite ends
using the battle suit's power k manages
to leap towards his enemy
and pins him on the floor he shoots him
with the gun and throws him off the
train
while the alien explodes case team
members finish off the remaining enemies
but runs into trouble against the female
who's extremely powerful and cuts down
two of their team members with ease
luckily the new members have regained
their memories and through their
combined efforts they were able to
defeat her
before the alien dies she blames the
fighters for starting this war as they
were the ones who killed first
she promises that her kind will get
their revenge
on the other side erico manages to
escape the train and begins recovering
her memories from the past
but before she can piece all the
informations together kato arrives right
beside her
he tells her that she killed all his
friends and proceeds to shoot her in the
head
killing her as a result kato takes the
black sphere and leaves the station
the alien hunters are teleported back to
the room but one of their teammates died
which causes her boyfriend to grieve in
pain
to their surprise another woman is
teleported to the room as well
and it turns out to be erica who has
fully regained her memories from the
past
she tells them that they were all once
alien hunters controlled by guns
but earned their way to freedom by
getting 100 points and losing their
memories in the process
as guns tally up the scores the old man
manages to earn over 100 points
in order to solve the mystery behind
kato he tells guns to revive his
teammate
the newly reconstructed kato remembers
what happened just before he died
apparently the thousand armed buddha has
the ability to shapeshift
and transformed into kato before he was
killed
the shape shapeshifter is now working
with the aliens in the black suits
they plan on completing the gun's
mission using the small black sphere
in order to teleport to the gun's room
and destroy guns to avenge their fallen
comrades
kaye also received over 100 points and
he contemplates on who to bring back
surprisingly he chose to revive nishi
who was
antagonistic to their team from before
nishi comes back
and recognizes his old teammates in
first sight
as he was also a part of erico's team
from before
he speculates that the reason guns is
rushing to kill all the aliens and
brought back the old team members
is because it's running out of battery
as is powered by the man
sitting inside suddenly the music from
guns starts playing again
but this has never happened before as
they just finished the mission
the team looks at their next target but
to their surprise
gonz wants them to eliminate kay's
girlfriend the same as the objective on
the small black sphere
whoever kills her gets a hundred points
meaning they can revive
anyone or be set free right away they
speculate that guns wants to prevent the
aliens from teleporting to this room
therefore he tries to make the team
finish off the objectives before the
aliens do
most of the team betrays kaye at the
prospect of being set free
with no other choice he teleports back
home planning to protect his girlfriend
surprisingly kaye finds her in front of
his doors confused and scared after what
happened
their reunion is cut short when the
shapeshifter approaches them with the
intent to kill
kaye tries to escape while carrying his
girlfriend and the shapeshifter chases
after them close
behind kato is worried about his brother
and rushes back to his home
only to find that the boy has been
killed by the shapeshifter a long time
ago
he screams in pain as he vows to avenge
his brother's death
after leaping through numerous buildings
kay manages to shake off the alien
but unfortunately he arrives heads on
with the guns team who surrounds him and
points their gun at k
his original team members tries to
protect k to give him an
opportunity to escape but one of them is
killed after being shot repeatedly by
nishi
the main character escapes their team
with the old man on the rooftop
but gets spotted by the shapeshifter
again he tells the old man to protect
his girlfriend
and proceeds to fight against the alien
head on giving them valuable time to run
kaye tries to shoot the alien but it's
too fast and proceeds to slash him with
blinding speed
an explosion results as they fight and k
is pushed off the building
while the alien stands on top of him
just before kate is killed by the final
blow
kato appears to avenge his brother and
rushes towards the alien
but his mind is clouded with vengeance
and it didn't take long for the alien to
get an upper hand
against him at the same time the old man
and kate's girlfriend have been found by
the guns team
without any other choice he tells her to
run while he holds them off
giving her time to escape the gun's
members tries to tell the old man to
move aside
but his loyalty to kate is unwavered
erico shoots first
which causes a barrage of gunfires from
both sides causing tremendous damage to
both groups
k fights alongside with kato but the
shape-shifter has seen
through their attacks he handles them
both with ease
and stabs kato with his swords he takes
the gun and just before finishing off k
the girlfriend appears and starts
running towards them while being chased
by nishi
the shape shapeshifter takes this
opportunity to attack her
and proceeds to kill nishi who followed
her behind
tay crossed towards her boyfriend with
her last breath and while looking into
his eyes
she dies in his arms the mission is
complete
and everyone on the team is teleported
to the room again
k cries at his girlfriend's death and
realizes that guns only targeted her
because it wants him to stay here
forever
suddenly the lights in the room all goes
out as guns tells them that an alien
shapeshifter is in the room
and demands that they kill him right
away mako gets stabbed from behind
and it's revealed that the shapeshifter
has taken nishi's form
and he brought all the aliens in black
suits with him as well
they opened fire at each other causing
tremendous damage everywhere
the shapeshifter pours a liquid onto
guns which causes a huge explosion
destroying the entire building kaye
manages to survive with kato
while the shapeshifter plans to kill
both of them k tries to shoot the alien
down
but kato stands in the way he's had
enough of the cycles of vengeance and
wants everyone to stop killing each
other
unmoved by kato's words he shoots at the
alien
causing it to explode kay succumbs to
his wounds
and drops to the floor while the black
sphere shows him that he's earned 100
points
however its battery is running extremely
low
and is about to cease function as error
codes begins to appear
in a moment of realization k decides to
sacrifice himself to save
everyone while the black sphere thanks
him for his choice
not knowing what just happened kato
begins teleporting away
and promises to save his friend all the
names on the screen begins disappearing
as guns revives everyone that died
wiping their memories and returning them
to their previous lives
kato wakes up and sees his brother but
he no longer remembers his friend and
what happened before
tay goes to the carnival by herself and
sees her boyfriend's writing
but fails to remember who the person is
she walks down into the subway station
and tears began flowing through her eyes
as she realizes that someone important
in her life
is missing k has traded his freedom in
order to save everyone
and now resides inside the black sphere
indefinitely
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you